Okay, then I'll be a rich woman
Solve it well
Are you ready?
How are you going to feed me?
poisoning
It's just a temporary red poison from eating chili peppers
You are not as hot as yourself
You bastard
Haha, come from afar.
Prince Sang
Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Fang.
To be able to meet Mr. Fang in person
Listening to Mr. Fang's teachings along the way
I am honored to be in the ranks
How can you talk about hard work?
The third prince is kind and profound
So good, what else can I teach?
What Mr. Fang said is
The third prince has been both civil and military since he was a child
Expo
Only then can you be famous in the capital?
It's a pity that His Majesty is getting old
Some crashes
I just chose an unlearned and diligent cultivator to be the prince
So I have long heard that the overseer of the dynasty
The prince's supervision of the country is less than a month
I killed several eldest sisters
So cruel
It must be chest soil without any ink
How can such a person be a prince?
What did Mr. Fang say?
My unlearned brother
I grew up not even reading books
And beat away 5 teachers
It's just that the father is too biased
I developed my current life
Let him go tomorrow
His home management
I will definitely let His Majesty and the literati of the world
You must be able to see him clearly
Let him get out of the East Palace in disgrace